c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\bin\Debug\Views\GraphicsView.xbf
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\bin\Debug\Grapics_ModernUI.xr.xml
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\bin\Debug\Grapics_ModernUI.exe
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\bin\Debug\Grapics_ModernUI.pdb
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\bin\Debug\Grapics_ModernUI.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xaml.Interactions.dll
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xaml.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.dll
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Extensions.dll
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Platform.dll
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\bin\Debug\De.TorstenMandelkow.MetroChart.dll
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.xml
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Extensions.xml
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Extensions.pri
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Platform.xml
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Platform.pri
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\bin\Debug\De.TorstenMandelkow.MetroChart.pri
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\obj\Debug\Views\GraphicsView.g.i.cs
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\obj\Debug\Views\GraphicsView.g.cs
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\obj\Debug\Views\GraphicsView.xaml
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\obj\Debug\Views\GraphicsView.xbf
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\obj\Debug\Grapics_ModernUI.exe
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\obj\Debug\Grapics_ModernUI.pdb
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\obj\Debug\Grapics_ModernUI.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\obj\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Extensions.pri.xml
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\obj\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Platform.pri.xml
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\obj\Debug\De.TorstenMandelkow.MetroChart.pri.xml
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\umartinez\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Grapics_ModernUI\Grapics_ModernUI\obj\Debug\Grapics_ModernUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
